# ProMicroIrBlaster
A flexible ProMicro based IR Blaster that also sends commands on wake/sleep

The code in this repo is obsolete/deprecated and will not be maintained. For better code, move to https://github.com/p-elsie/SimpleIrBlaster

The part of this project's code, that uses USBDevice.isSuspended() to turn a TV on/off when the connected PC wakes/sleeps, is currently not part of the SimpleIrBlaster code. But it can copied over. Some historical notes on that... First of all, the USBDevice.isSuspended() functionality did not work on Teensy 2.0 at the time when I first used this code. Therefore, the target device was a ProMicro. Initially, I was very pleased with this feature - because I had a TV that would annoyingly speak words about the state of its inputs when the computer went to sleep (often, just after I crawled into bed). Later, I learned how to turn off the Voice Guide on an LG TV (Accessibility Menu > Audio Description), and then at that point, it was no longer convenient to have the extra wires. So I don't use that feature anymore. But it was still pretty neat to have the TV state follow the PC, with no programming at all in the PC itself. The ATmega32U4 just monitored the sleep state via USB, and sent IR codes to the TV corresponing to the state change. If were going to reimplement that feature, I might use EEPROM to permit the user to change TVs without reprogramming via the Arduino IDE. I would provide for modification via serial command inputs. And writing to EEPROM would be optional too - you could also change it temporarily, until the ATmega32U4 is reset (power cycled). 
